That Brother Dan knows you are coming today,
No, go ahead and prepare it for you.
What is money called?
Never mind, it's nothing.
Come on, brother, don't look at him.
Five hundred, how is it enough?
What happened? Before? Before?
That Brother Dan, I am just a knot maker,
I'm alone...
What's your name?
Give it, don’t give it yet.
What is this money called?
Otherwise, why don’t you talk too much about anything?
Don't, don't, don't, brother
this is my son
I just came back from working outside.
I know something
Don't be like him
Just came back from work, you said
That means being very rich
Another thousand
You make it clear
What kind of money does this cost?
Made it clear
Give me as much as you want
They're talking about protection money
They want the American League to give them some money.
This will ensure that nothing happens to our family
This room is gorgeous
How can such a thing happen?
You want money, right? You said it, you want money?
I don't even know
There is suspicion here that customary law has its own
Came here on my own